# e-hospital-with-java
The code starts with a comment that says "Options ".  This is followed by the code for the Options menu.  The options are: 1 >> Add New Patient Record 2 >> Edit Patient Record 3 >> Delete Patient Record 4 >> Exit  The code outputs the following: System.out.print("\t\t\t\tOptions \n"); The code outputs the following: 1 >> Add New Patient Record | A new patient file can be created by using this module.  The code starts by printing the text "Welcome to the Patient History Report."  \t\t\t\t 1 >> Add Diagnosis Information The code then prints a prompt asking for input.  The user types in their diagnosis information and presses enter.  \t\t\t 2 >> Add Diagnosis Information The code then prints a prompt asking for input.  The user types in their day-to-day evaluation of the patient or the diagnosis report in the existing file.  If they type in an evaluation, it will be added to that section of the report; if they type in a diagnosis, it will be added to that section of the report as well as being included on Day-to-Day Evaluation (if there is one).  The code will print out the following: "\t\t\t 1 >> Add Patient Information | Adding patient information in the existing file.  "); System.out.println("\t\t 2 >> Add Diagnosis Information | Adding day-to-day evaluation of the patient or the diagnosis report in the existing file.  "); System.out.println("\t 3 >> History of the Patient | Check the previous or existing details of particular patient by using their file name.  ");
